Placeholder license from the old NTCC site: https://w3.pppl.gov/NTCC

Copyright (c) Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory (PPPL)

The recipient agrees to the following terms of use:

The NTCC code will be used only for peaceful fundamental scientific research.

The scientific results from the use of the NTCC code are intended for
publication and sharing in the open scientific community.

The recipient will not rename, modify or redistribute the code, in whole or in 
part, to 3rd parties without consent of the authors, although the code may be 
imbedded unmodified and shared within a larger software project. If 
modifications or improvements are needed, these will be developed in 
collaboration with the authors, so that they may be redistributed through the 
NTCC website to the benefit of all NTCC users. Such collaborations are 
encouraged, although it may be necessary to use an alternative mechanism for 
source code sharing, since the NTCC distribution supports unidirectional 
downloads only.

The recipient assumes responsibility for proper use of the NTCC code, 
understanding that PPPL and module authors can only provide limited support.

The recipient understands that the NTCC code is a Fusion Energy research tool 
designed and tested for limited purposes, that the code's suitability for 
specific applications will require verification, that the code may still be 
under development by authors, and that revisions to the code may be posted at 
the NTCC site without prior notice to users.

The recipient agrees that when making use of NTCC code results in scientific 
publications, that NTCC code authors will be informed and that their 
contributions will be acknowledged, and that the cited code will not have been 
modified from the version downloaded from the NTCC site.

The recipient understands that PPPL technical support for modules not authored 
at PPPL will be limited to build system and portability issues only, and that 
the timeliness and extent of such support will be limited by availability of 
personnel. 
